My experience with Node.js is quite funny. I first installed it while attending my first Hackathon here in Montreal at the [Notman House](http://notman.org/en/). Soon afterwards I found myself working nights and weekends with two guys I had met at the Hackathon, whom at the time I barely knew. A few months went by and these guys asked me to join them and help co-found [Wavo.me](https://wavo.me), a company built with a full Node.js stack. Only a few months after trying it for the first time, I found myself working full time in Node. I think I can safely say I was thrown into the environment head first, and I loved it. Node had just released version 0.4 and this was when it's community saw a huge influx of users, and I was simply one of the many.

There is an old saying about online communities, the 90-9-1 rule, which states that 90% consume, 9% comment and 1% create the content. Obviously without any numbers it would be difficult to know if the Node community obeyed these rules, but I assume so. And I knew exactly where I fell, in that 90%. I read everything there was about Node, I worked in it full time, I constantly watched the IRC channel and typically knew everything there was to know about the community and it's development. All that, but I never contributed. Sure I wrote a few modules, but they at most have a handful of watchers and asking any active member of the community my name would simply garner a collective "Who??".

At this point, I almost felt like a stalker, I knew about all these core members and had opinions on all their debates, but sat in quiet and simply read, or listened to their great podcast [NodeUp](http://nodeup.com/). I was back at school, attempting to finish my Bachelor's degree, and decided I wanted to do something radical, so I applied for summer work at all the biggest Node companies I knew, which includes Voxer and Nodejitsu. For Voxer I did something a shy person like myself would never do, I personally messaged [@dshaw](https://twitter.com/#!/@dshaw) on IRC. To my astonishment he responded and wanted to speak with me.

At the time Voxer was not planning on hiring any more Summer interns (as they already had one), but a few days later he informed me they were going to start [Summer of Node.js](http://summerofnodejs.com/), a summer program for interns at Voxer and he said I should join. This seemed like the greatest opportunity ever, and I need to thank [@dshaw](https://twitter.com/#!/@dshaw) again for all the work he put in trying to get me down there, but in the end being from Canada made it impossible to join their program. This was terrible news, but "oh well", there will be other opportunities. The one thing he had told me, as he informed me that I would not be able to get a Visa in time, was: "I hope to see you at [Nodeconf](http://www.nodeconf.com/) this summer".

I thought this would be great, I would be stuck in Montreal all summer, but at least I would get the opportunity to meet all these people that I idolize and finally get to properly introduce myself. The early bird tickets went on sale April 27th and I was all excited to purchase mine when I saw the price: 960$. I understand conferences are expensive, but as a student, this was a large percentage of my net worth.

Two days prior I had listened to an episode of [Founders Talk](http://5by5.tv/founderstalk/35), with Steve Espionsa, a guy just a few years older than me running a very successful business, [App Stack](http://goappstack.com/). He told a story about how he, on a whim, purchased very expensive basketball tickets for the opportunity to meet Jason Calacanis. He tells the story about how those tickets, which were a significant percent of his net worth at the time, were life changing for him and had completely opened his network and helped him become who he is today.

So I did it, I purchased the ticket. I basically purchased personal introductions in an attempt to expand my very limited professional network. Was it worth it? I'm not sure yet, but I will be writing a response after the conference in July.

TL;DR Spent a large amount of my net worth, for the opportunity to meet the people in a community I admire.